BOARD:
Playing board consists of a grid of lots.
At start of the game lots can be:
	park, water, parking, building, abandoned
Lots can be for sale (randomized throughout game).
Some lots are never for sale (indicated).
Lots adjecent to each other are considered neighbors (so can be up to 4 neighbors).

BUILDING:
Each building resides on a lot.
Each floor has a type: shop, office, apartment, hotel
Maybe you can also place "neutral"

ARCHITECT:
Have the ability for one or more floor types.
Have a max floor height ability.
Architect can be used to construct new floors on top of existing building or new from scratch with the "hire architect construct" action.
You can only select one building for this action.
Can also be used to renovate floors into a different kind, with "hire architect renovate" action.
You can only select one building for this action.
If after your changes there is not enough floors for all tenants you have to expell some until there is.

TENANTS:
When a tenant moves in it is always in the lowest continuous free floor section where that tenant fits. Tenants never move out.
To determine which floors are free: look at the building card/board and check number of tenants of a certain type.
Arrange the tenants into the lowest floors as possible.
Some tenants has "free renovate" and can convert the wrong type (also neutral) into their type just before moving in. This is optional to perform.

TENANT CRITERIAS:
Free view / Peek view:
Each floor can have either free view or obstructed view in all of the 4 different directions.
Each free view increases the "free view" score by 1 point.
For a tenant that covers multiple floors (it is always adjecent) all floors must have free view to
count as free view for each direction. However, if the top floor but not the bottom floor of the tenant section has free view,
then it's called "peek view". A peek equals to 1/2 "free view" points. The final score is rounded down.
Beauty:
A building itself has a beauty score dependent on the "beauty" skill of the architecture that started the building.
Add to this the number of surroudning parks and water tiles for the total beauty score.

LOTS:
At start of the game lot cards are drawn randomly.
Price tags are drawn randomly and placed on the lots. The random prices range from 6 to 10.
Every round the lots that were not purchased gets discounted to a lower price (for example from 10 to 8). Every round it drops in price.
At the end of round new lot tiles are placed to reach a certain amount for sale, however this time its not randomized they are all
given the highest price 10. Notice that park tiles can also be for sale. Building there lowers the beauty points for the neihbors.
A player can place a bidding token and money on a lot card while doing a normal action.





ALTERNATIVE RULES:
When building floors always build with the neutral floor type.
Only when a tenant moves in you switch the floor to the appropriate color.
You don't force a tenant to move into the lowest section possible, instead you can choose
the floors and indicate it by replacing floors in the building.
If a tenant moves into the higher floors and creates a gap with uninhabited floors that has one down side:
now you want to find a tenant or combination of tenants that fits exactly into that gap.

